looks good YouTube fake cakes 101 here
just want to show you the difference
between the fully laced the laces you
can pick up from fully laced calm versus
the replicas laces that come on these uh
these concours as you can see the lace
is much much thicker from fully lace com
it makes the shoe definitely look more
legit the laces that come with the shoe
they're not super thin I've seen thinner
and these are the ones for shooting 23
net as you can see that's the difference
fully lace lace and then the shooting 23
lace the fully lace lace actually kind
of goes with the mesh it looks the Rope
is a little looser so it actually goes
with the mesh better it actually shows
up against the mesh a lot better so
here's the shoes side-by-side fully
laced fully laced when it's here they're
not the regular quality is here as long
as you can see it definitely makes a
difference in the way that she looks so
here's just so y'all can see this is
that it comes in comes an 11 fully laced
bag people been asking Shu Qing and
asking me when that she's getting these
back in stock they will they're
supposedly going to be back in stock
with the blue the blue bottom concours
will be back in stock on Saturday she's
got a ton of people trying to get him
from her
so I figured I'd let yall know because
you guys have been asking me quite a bit
when she's going to be back in stock on
them she'll be in stock on back in stock
on them on saturday so better get to
them because i know a lot of resellers
out there or are going after them so
make sure that you guys if you're going
to order from Shu Qing make sure you hit
her up on Saturday and let her know you
want these still so anyway everyone
needs a few times so I can see they
still hold up you know they hold up
still around they're not creasing no
crease and somebody was asking about the
creasing in the in the patent leather
the patent leather is not not greased up
yet a little bit here on the side just a
little bit but not a lot and I've worn
them like three times I think two or
three times so they're worth the they're
worth the money you pay for them they're
definitely worth the money a
good-looking shoot so I got these laces
from fully laced com I'll put the link
in the description I also picked up the
ones for my space jams so
I mean I might pick up another if I get
another pair of breads I might pick up
another pair of these for the breads
they're there there's a discount code
out there i'll put it also in the
description it takes the laces from ten
dollars a pair to six dollars and fifty
cents a pair so i'll definitely add that
to the description too so peace out
youtube let me know what y'all think